Obsolete ToXmlString and FromXmlString on ECC types (#67246)
dotnet/runtime: docs/project/list-of-diagnostics.md

|  __`SYSLIB0039`__ | TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1 have known vulnerabilities and are not recommended. Use a newer TLS version instead, or use SslProtocols.None to defer to OS defaults. |
|  __`SYSLIB0040`__ | EncryptionPolicy.NoEncryption and AllowEncryption significantly reduce security and should not be used in production code. |
|  __`SYSLIB0041`__ | The default hash algorithm and iteration counts in Rfc2898DeriveBytes constructors are outdated and insecure. Use a constructor that accepts the hash algorithm and the number of iterations. |

> |  __`SYSLIB0042`__ | ToXmlString and FromXmlString are obsolete on ECC types. Use a standard import and export format such as ExportSubjectPublicKeyInfo or ImportSubjectPublicKeyInfo for public keys and ExportPkcs8PrivateKey or ImportPkcs8PrivateKey for private keys. |

Author: @bartonjs I'm not thrilled with this wording, open to improvements. The main things I was trying to capture:

1. What they should be using instead

2. Doesn't affect To/FromXmlString on `RSA`.

Reviewer: Maybe give some justification/motivation from the initial clause:

```suggestion
|  __`SYSLIB0042`__ | ToXmlString and FromXmlString have no implementation for ECC types, and are obsolete. Use a standard import and export format such as ExportSubjectPublicKeyInfo or ImportSubjectPublicKeyInfo for public keys and ExportPkcs8PrivateKey or ImportPkcs8PrivateKey for private keys. |
```

?

Author: I think that is what I felt was "missing". Thanks!
